This description was auto-generated and so was this message, please like this video.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Flying fish few by the space station.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
She cried diamonds.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
This is a Japanese doll.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
She did her best to help him.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Two seats were vacant.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
We should play with legos at camp.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
Not all people who wander are lost.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
I’m a living furnace.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
We should play with legos at camp.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.