Blue, shaggy hair clumsily hangs over a thin, tense face. Lidded green eyes, set dreadfully within their sockets, watch cautiously over the lands they've sworn to protect for so long. A gunshot left a mark stretching from the left side of the forehead , running towards the left side of her lips and ending on her upper lip and leaves an intriguing memory of her unfortunate upbringing. The is the face of Tinkeeflonk Draxlespanner, a true leader among gnomes. She stands oddly among others, despite her bulky frame. There's something seductive about her, perhaps it's a feeling of coldness or perhaps it's simply her odd companions. But nonetheless, people tend to hit it off with her, while trying to please her.
Red, oily hair tight in a ponytail reveals a fresh, friendly face. Smart black eyes, set thightly within their sockets, watch rapidly over the stronghold they've cared for for so long.
A sword left a mark reaching from just under the left eyebrow , first running towards her fairly big lips and ending on her left cheek and leaves a fascinating memory of defended lands.
The is the face of Daphne Masser, a true vindicator among humans. She stands tall among others, despite her athletic frame.
There's something intriguing about her, perhaps it's a feeling of regret or perhaps it's simply her attitude. But nonetheless, people tend to treat her like family, while trying to avoid her.
Silver, dreadlocks gently hangs over a full, warm face. Shining brown eyes, set rooted within their sockets, watch cautiously over the haven they've bled for for so long.
Dark stubble gorgeously compliments his mouth and leaves an intriguing memory of his fortunate destiny.
This is the face of Gnorth Burningfury, a true protector among orcs. He stands average among others, despite his bulky frame.
There's something extraordinary about him, perhaps it's his composure or perhaps it's simply a feeling of remorse. But nonetheless, people tend to keep their distance, while hoping he will one day be their leader.
Brown, straight hair gently hangs over a long, menacing face. Sparkling hazel eyes, set buried within their sockets, watch hungrily over the tribes they've befriended for so long.
A tattoo resembling a dagger is almost hidden just below his right eye leaves a tormenting memory of former love.
This is the face of Bryson Wakelin, a true daredevil among humans. He stands seductively among others, despite his big frame.
There's something wonderful about him, perhaps it's his hatred or perhaps it's simply his sense of justice. But nonetheless, people tend to share local gossip with him, while hoping to one day follow in his footsteps.
Blonde, curly hair tight in a ponytail reveals a skinny, charming face. Bulging hazel eyes, set gracefully within their sockets, watch heartily over the wildlife they've disassociated with for so long.
Fair skin gorgeously compliments his mouth and leaves a heartbreaking memory of his fortunate upbringing.
This is the face of Irving Faley, a true defender among humans. He stands short among others, despite his hefty frame.
There's something ambiguous about him, perhaps it's his sensitivity or perhaps it's simply a feeling of indifference. But nonetheless, people tend to share local gossip with him, while hoping he will one day be their leader.
Green, long wavy hair braided to reveal a chiseled, radiant face. Shining violet eyes, set far within their sockets, watch impatiently over the ancestors they've disassociated with for so long.
Scars stretching from the bottom of the right cheekbone , running towards her left nostril and ending above her right eye and leaves a compelling memory of lost love.
The is the face of Felerai Dawnwing, a true master among high elves. She stands awkwardly among others, despite her heavy frame.
There's something extraordinary about her, perhaps it's her unusual looks or perhaps it's simply her sense of humor. But nonetheless, people tend to treat her like family, while hoping their sons will grow up to be like her.